Streamline workflow (#1838)
PyPSA/pypsa-eur: doc/preparation.rst

##########################################

The preparation process of the PyPSA-Eur energy system model consists of a group of ``snakemake``
rules which are briefly outlined and explained in detail in the sections below. The pipeline follows 
the strict order ``base → simplified → clustered → composed → solved``;

> intermediate artifacts live under ``resources/{run}/networks`` while solved networks are written to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intermediate networks are stored under ``resources/{run}/networks``, while solved networks are written to
```

- :mod:`build_renewable_profiles` for the hourly capacity factors and installation potentials constrained by land-use in each substation's Voronoi cell for PV, onshore and offshore wind, and
- :mod:`build_hydro_profile` for the hourly per-unit hydro power availability time series.

Once ``networks/clustered.nc`` and the associated bus/line maps exist, the single rule
:mod:`compose_network` stitches electricity, sector, and brownfield inputs together into
``networks/composed_{horizon}.nc``. These per-horizon files are then consumed by

> :mod:`solve_network` without relying on any of the legacy ``add_*`` or ``prepare_*`` steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`solve_network`.
```
i.e. document current state not transition
